Improvements Mopinion plugin (#20)
Mopinion-com/mopinion_flutter_integration_plugin: README.md

### Android

1.  Open the Android project with Android Studio.
2.  Make sure that your `MainActivity.kt` extends `FlutterFragmentActivity`.

    ```kotlin
    import io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterFragmentActivity

    class MainActivity: FlutterFragmentActivity() {
      // Your code...
    }
    ```

3.  Make sure the min sdk is 21 in your `app` `build.gradle`:

```groovy
  defaultConfig {
     minSdkVersion 21
 }
```

4. In your `Project` `build.gradle` include the Jitpack repository:
   ```groovy
   maven {
     url 'https://www.jitpack.io'

>    }

Reviewer: @adam-abbas can you test if we can just add it in the build.gradle of the plugin here: https://github.com/Mopinion-com/mopinion_flutter_integration_plugin/blob/develop/android/build.gradle#L6-L9

Author: Does not work unfortunately:
<img width="940" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Mopinion-com/mopinion_flutter_integration_plugin/assets/79903878/378f87ed-9353-4884-b02c-73b72032d6f1">

   ```

> 1. Sync gradle.
> 1. Make sure the app theme extends from a MaterialComponent theme. Please check the [Android Native SDK readme step 4](https://github.com/Mopinion-com/mopinion-sdk-android#step-4) for more info.

Reviewer: Counting till here is 1,2,3,4, would continue that, or do everything `1.`
```suggestion
5. Sync gradle.
6. Make sure the app theme extends from a MaterialComponent theme. Please check the [Android Native SDK readme step 4](https://github.com/Mopinion-com/mopinion-sdk-android#step-4) for more info.
```
